Fix removal of disconnected peers in the peer manager (#1182)
iotaledger/bee: bee-network/bee-gossip/CHANGELOG.md

### Security -->

## 0.5.0 - 2022-02-28

### Added

> - `PeerMetrics` type, that keeps a count of dial attempts and idenfication timestamp;
> - `PeerUnreachable` event: fired after a certain number of unsuccessful dial attempts;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `PeerMetrics` type that keeps a count of dial attempts and identification timestamp;
- `PeerUnreachable` event that is fired after a certain number of unsuccessful dial attempts;
```
